The employee WAS extremely helpful,the portions were huge , and she was very efficient, and clearly competent experience would come again.


Is there ever an In n Out that's not busy? Line wasn't too bad when we got the for a late lunch. Drive thru was long so we went dined in. Friendly staff greeted us right when we walked in. Took our order and it was packed per usual. Plenty of parking. Clean bathroom. Tables needed cleaning but again they were so busy. Didn't wait that long for our food. Always so good and fresh. We will be back soon!


Another day at in n out, another day in paradise. Sometimes when I feel like there is no hope in life or if it won't be worth it in the end, I think of in n out and I release hey, it's all gonna be alright. Burgers are good too.

Just had the best meal ever at an In-N-Out! Absolutely delicious and hot! Came in for a late lunch/early dinner and wasn't disappointed in a the least. Thanks!!


Terrible. Waited long. Food was gross, heck, the food wasn't even what I ordered. They gave me the wrong order. I have never had a bad experience with in and out until now and I am furious.

I'm not happy to have to wait in the drive in line for over 20 minutes. Overall this trip cost me a half hour of my work day. You guys need to do better and respect peoples time, or rename this "in-n-in" burger Pretty frustrating and a huge waste of time. If you're in a hurry, don't come here that's for sure.

The drink station needed to be wiped down and cleaned, the tables and chairs were all so filthy that I had to wipe one down before I could sit. The floor was so dirty and sticky that my shoes stuck to it with every step no matter where I walked. The tread on the bottom of my new shoes was orange when I walked in, and literally black by the time I walked out. The bathroom area was no better... black grime all over the floor, pee on the toliet seats, trash can was overflowing, and the hand washing counter was a disaster area just like everything else. If everything is this dirty in the dinning area, and the bathrooms, I can only imagine how dirty the kitchen area must be. Gross!